okay hello everybody I'm going to show
you how I'm gonna use my brush egg and
it's really simple to use I just wanted
to do a quick demo so you guys would
know about it I've got my camera
pointing at my kitchen sink it's like
the only place that there was decent and
up lighting to do the actual video so
anyway I'm gonna take some baby shampoo
just because it's the fastest thing I
had on hand I'm gonna show you three
brushes this one is a blush brush this
was a eyeshadow brush much like the Mac
217 and then this one is a Sigma Sigma X
concealer angled brush really quickly
you just need to get the brush wet a
little bit nothing too much go ahead and
put your little brush egg on your
fingers and then squish out just a
little bit and then go ahead and work it
in and immediately you can just see all
the gross mists coming off of that blush
brush like you know almost white again
almost you see how quick that was
really good stuff um you know this is
actually so cheap I think I paid like
five to ten dollars for it I'm not
exactly sure and I can't remember
exactly what but it wasn't expensive and
it's a lot less expensive than that
expensive version from another brand
that's like a huge oven mitt basically
so anyway you can see that is perfectly
clean now perfectly white so I stood
over here to dry and then I'm going to
show you the Matt 217 coming clean and
just gonna get that wet and the start
with one it on and you can instantly see
the ground coming off of that
kind of insane right
this one was pretty dirty but she's in a
really dark shade maybe even black
trying to get down towards the middle of
the Bristol trying to work both little
scrubby bits into the brush
right
and again perfectly clean and white sit
into drag and here's gonna be the gross
one you know foundation and concealer
gets caked into these brushes so I'm
gonna do that one real quick wash that
off get this good wet and then you look
how gross that is imediately see all of
the concealer thrown out of it
really
another clean brush so if you have any
questions or anything click the links
below in the downbar and then go ahead
and click through to the blog post to
read more information